The United States Court of International Trade is now in session, the honorable Timothy M. Rife, now presiding before court number 24-CV-134, Kingmaker Marketing Inc. versus United States. Will all counsel please state your names for the record, starting with plaintiffs counsel. The John Peterson, Level Peterson, LLP for the plaintiffs. Patrick Wein, Level Peterson, LLP for plaintiffs. Good morning, Your Honor, Beverly Farrell for the United States.  on behalf of the US Customs and Border Protection. Alexander Kruchoff, a significant thank you. It's a sea hall again. Nice to see you gentlemen. Okay, my team. I'm warning you, the smell is low. It's a bit. It's not quite all good. Terrific. Well, welcome everybody. You have our questions. So let's just dig in. We'll start with Mr. Peterson. We'll start with you on  one a and you take both. One and two of one a. Okay, thank you, Your Honor. Uh, the question one a asks whether the context of having merchandise admitted into a foreign trade zone requires a different meaning for the date of importation is defined in 19 CFR section one on one point one. Uh, the plaintiff's answer to that is yes. Uh, by law foreign trade zones are treated as though they are outside  the customs territory of the United States. And it will just happen. But within the jurisdiction of the United States, right? Oh, they're within the jurisdiction of the United States, absolutely. But for first-year, says that expressly, right? I'm sorry, Your Honor. The statute says that expressly, right? Under the jurisdiction of the United States? Yes, they're within the United States jurisdiction. However, they're not subject or merchandise in there. It's not subject to the customs loss.  and Congress has specified that goods of all kind may be brought into a foreign trade zone. Well, the BMW case talks about the legislative history supporting the view that it's really targeted at duties and taxes, not every aspect of a customs laws. Do you disagree with the BMW holding? No, I don't disagree with the BMW holding.  that the Foreign Trade Zone Act provides a basis to define the date of importation differently than the standard definition in 19 CFR section 101.1 and that admission into a foreign trade zone is not importation into the United States. So, you know, you can say- You're saying BMW had that the customs definition  in its regulations did not apply to who in trade zone? Well, you know, the BMW case didn't really reach that issue since it held that the harbor maintenance tax was applicable. I thought you said that the case stood for the proposition that the regulation was. Yes, this court's decision in that case does stand for the proposition that the Foreign Trade Zone's act provides a basis to define data importation differently than in section 101.  1.1. Where are you looking in that case if I might ask? I don't have the case text in front of me, Your Honor. Okay, maybe your colleague could find the quotation you're thinking of while we're talking. Do you have the case? This is the Federal Circuit. This is not the. I don't want to over here have the BMW decision. Sorry, Your Honor, I do not.  You have the Federal Circuit decision. I don't have those cases with me. I just ask for you and your colleagues in the future if we're citing a case in our question, it'd be a good thing to bring along with you. Yes, we're on our apologize. Unfortunately, I was dealing with a print issue for quite a while last night. I'm sorry.  Well, in the BMW case in the Federal Circuit, the Federal Circuit held that the Harbour Maintenance Act statute did not exempt goods admitted into a foreign trade zone. But again, nothing in this statute suggests that foreign trade zones are to be treated as though they're within the customs territory of the United States. No, we're not saying that. We're saying, I understood you to say that the BMW decision  indicated that the customs definition of date of importation would have a different context in an FTZ. Well, this court held that it provided a basis for a different definition. Yes. But you don't have the case. Pardon? But, okay. You don't have the case to show up. I don't know the language. I mean, you're on a right to be happy to submit the language afterwards. Okay. Please proceed. Okay.  But basically, merchandise cannot be considered to be imported into the United States. If it is in an area which is by law designated as outside the customs territory of the United States. So you're saying no, no merchandise that comes into an FTC can be considered as being imported in the United States. You're on a half to.  My hearing aid is not working very well today if you want to speak up a little more. I will. Absolutely. I'm sorry. No. My question is you're saying that no merchandise that is admitted to an FTC can be considered imported within the meaning of the customs. Yes, you are. Nothing. That's what we're saying. That it's not it's not imported and that as section 101.1 says  If the context otherwise requires, the concept of date of importation can be different from the traditional concept of bringing goods within a port of entry within 10 to 1 late. And that's what we're contending here.  But can you pull a microphone nice and close so that everybody here is able to hear well what our comments are? We disagree, obviously, with plaintiffs' position that showing up into the jurisdiction of the United States, notwithstanding the fact that you may not be within the customs area, the customs zone, this is a fiction that's been set up, and it's been set up for a purpose. And so when we look at the language in the  drawback statute for example, there's this constant back and forth between entry and importation. If we look at the 81C, which is the imported merchandise is being mentioned in the zone. So how are you imported merchandise in the zone if you've not been imported? So it seems pretty, it seems pretty clear to us that when Congress  the last few months, we have been in the process of making the distinction between entry and importation frequently in the drawback statute. And then also describing what is occurring in the foreign trade zone as imported merchandise, the imported merchandise from the foreign trade zone. That is indicative that you have been imported. And it is the common meaning of the word importation.  makes its definitions in 101.1. It's relying on court cases in the past. There's the old CUNAR case that is described. What does it mean to be imported? It means to be outside that country and then coming into that country. And the distinction you're on are made earlier. What do you mean coming into the United States? There is this fiction. There is the world of the custom zone and then there is the United States.  The foreign trade zones are smack dab in the United States. But they're not treated as though they're in the custom zone. And what makes it as your honor recognized as well, BMW makes this point, the legislative history makes this point. Why are we even setting up foreign trade zones? Foreign trade zones are being set up for a purpose of benefiting American domestic employees who will go into the foreign trade zone, because sometimes the input  it's into a product are actually tire of tire than the ultimate product that's going to come out of the trade zone. So it's better for an importer to bring the Rawls in, have American employees come in, set it up, and then export it out. It might be duty free. It might be considered a substantial transformation and therefore becomes a product of the United States. There's a multitude of reasons why I would want to do that. And that benefits the United States. Congress isn't going to pass something that's  not going to ultimately benefit the United States. So that's what we see here. That's what that trade zone is about. And interestingly enough, Your Honor, you know, I, in looking at your questions, I said, well, let me, let me poke around. Let me see if I've missed something. And one of the things that I didn't build in, but I think it's, I think it provides the court with even further comfort of the fact that an importation and an entry is different and that importation occurs  when you come into the country. The ITA, the International Trade Administration, has a front page that says, you know, everything you ever wanted to know about free trade zones, et cetera, et cetera. And in there, they have an FAQ, frequently asked questions. And the question that was asked in the frequently asked questions is, are zones outside the US answer? No. While merchandise within a zone is considered outside the country,  of the United States. This is for formal entry procedures only. Foreign merchandise in a zone is within the territory and jurisdiction of the United States and is considered imported. So I think we're beginning to see a critical mass, the common meaning of importation, the Supreme Court's definition of importation, customs is definition of importation that runs off of case law. It's that's most of the time.  not customs is not going to be ultra-veerous to a case when it's aware of a case and when the Supreme Court speaks, we all listen. So, and now we have also the ITA consistent with that saying the same thing.  the United States. It then says that goods will become subject to the customs laws of the United States when they are removed from the zone and not before. Now this is in distinction to the language that's used in the tariff act to describe merchandise stored in a customs bonded warehouse. The courts have referred to imported merchandise in customs bonded  for example, is in the case of US versus commodities export company, which was decided by the federal circuit in 1992. And the US Supreme Court in describing merchandise in customs bonded warehouses has referred to that merchandise as being imported. And DRJ Reynolds tobacco versus Durham County case says that Xerox Corporation versus  the merchandise that's in an STC is bonded. Anyway, is it not? It is bonded, but it's bonded in a different way than imported merchandise. And then the FTC statute that you were quoting, it states that the merchandise will be exported, destroyed, or sent into the customs territory of the United States, they imported them to, right? Right. But when you send it inside,  exported, how could it not, how could it be exported from the FTC if it had not been imported into the into the United States jurisdiction? Well, exported, I think we're first to the act of sending it outside the country. They didn't use the word sent. They said exported two words later, three words later, they say sent into the custom stereotype. They didn't say imported. So we, we are our job here, isn't it?  to constru the words of Congress. And can you explain to me how your interpretation of the statute is consistent with those three words? The merchandise, once it's been manipulated, manufactured, assembled, distributed, sorted, et cetera, is to be exported, destroyed, or sent. Those are only three options sent into the custom's territory.  The definition of exportation is sending something outside the territory of the United States with the intent to join it with the commerce of another country. That would be the United States versus Stone and Downer case. So when one talks of exporting goods from the customs territory of the United States, you could use the word export. However, exportation does not subject the goods to the customs laws of the United States.  So what the statute is saying is you can export the goods. And you were arguing that they weren't in a moment ago, you were saying they were not imported. So we're just pausing on that issue, and then we'll get shortly to the question of import versus entry. But these three words suggest pretty clearly, apart from all the other language we've looked at in the statute and case interpretations, these suggest pretty clearly those goods are important. It's in the STC statute.  says they may be once all of the activities that are specified, stored, sold, exhibited, et cetera. Once that's done, they may be exported, destroyed, or sent into the customs territory. And I guess my question is, how do you maintain your position that they're not imported? If those are the only three words Congress gives us to describe what happens to that good after  the processing is completed. Well, regardless of the language one puts to it, the effect of the foreign trade zones act. It's difficult to say to record because our only job, as I often say to my incredibly impressive law clerks, the only thing we're called upon to do is read these statutes that Congress passed and the President's side into law.  I'm not going to go any further on as you have any further explanation of how those four words can be construed if the good is not imported in the first place. Well, I think the four words have to be interpreted in light of the intent of the Foreign Trade Zones Act, which is to say that merchandise stored in his own are not subject to the customs laws of the United States. Now, if you want to use the word exported, that's fine.  If the statute uses the word exported, that does not mean that goods stored in the zone are or word anytime subject to the customs laws of the United States. That's the, it means they're important. Are you? To be clear, you continue to maintain that the goods are not imported. Just to close on that point now, then we'll move on to the question of what it means to be exempt from the customs laws or not subject to.  without being subject to the customs laws. Okay, let's make a remittance for our own common sentence. Your Honor, yes, I just wanted to looking at 81C, which your Honor was reading from earlier, be exported to Shreider sent into the customs territory of the United States. If we continue on, it says, but when foreign merchandise is so sent from the zone into the customs territory of the United States, it shall be subject to the laws and regulations of the United States affecting  So this this provision is recognizing that while you're sitting in the zone, you're an important merchandise. And then what's going to happen to you? You might be sported destroyed or sent into the customs territory and then be subject to the customs regulations.  question of what it means to be about being subject to the custom laws of the United States. And here I guess what I want to ask is.  I'm just looking for specific provisions that are provisions of customs regulations that necessarily apply. While the goods are in the FTZ, and I'm just not putting my finger on them, but I will have a moment.  I go to Mr. Peterson first and Ms. Farrell. Are there not provisioned and I will sign them that of the customs regulation that necessarily apply to that merchandise while to the FTZ, suggesting that federal circular when it decided to the BMW case and said that the focus was really on the question of duties, that that's what they had at nine and that's what Congress had in mind.  and when it wrote that the customs laws of the United States, I always like to quote the exact language without being subject to the customs laws.  I'll have a different 17.  The R&D-1 requires the completion of the form, the issuance of a permit to evict merchandise into an FTC, Section 146.66 that governs the transfer of merchandise from R&D-Z to another. So there are necessarily aspects of the customs laws of the United States that provide a merchandise in the FTC, aren't there? Ninety U.S.C. 146 is a customs regulation implementing part of the Foreign Trade Zones Act.  It simply, you know, handles the housekeeping for admitting goods into zones. 15 CFR Part 400 is the Commerce Department's regulations for establishing zones. So I would say that the regulations in 146, Part 146, are ministerial and they're dealing with the handling of merchandise in a zone that is not if subject to the customs laws of the United States.  the regulation derives from a customs law, the FTZ law. Well, the regulation arises from the FTZ law. It doesn't arise from the TAF Act, which imposes duties. And I'm not sure if the federal circuit here that it's the question of when the payment of the duties occurs, that is what the FTZ Act is about. I would disagree with that, Your Honor. There were a number of provisions of the customs laws not dealing with the payment of duties that  not apply to goods to a foreign trade zone. I'd be happy to enumerate some of those. First, we have the requirements. It's not that there may be other provisions that do not apply. It's that the phrase that being subject to the customs laws of the United States is not an absolute. The Federal Circuit has told us that and these regulations seem to bolster that.  R146, almost by definition, involves the handling of merchandise that is outside the customs laws of the United States. Customs could not by regulation override the provision of the statute that goods in the zone are not subject to the customs laws of the United States. That's exactly my point. That the regulation has to be in fullerence of the statute and the statute, therefore,  Can I be an absolute? We're thinking that through, it was far, do you think you would like to ask any comments? And then they were on issue two. Yes, Your Honor. Again, as your Honor recognized, the primary point, the thing that really people care about that are importing into a foreign trade zone is the fact that you don't have to pay the duties because you might be leaving. You might just be coming in for a little while and leaving or you might be coming in and changing the product, paying duties on the  to say the roles that are coming in at some maybe 20% rate of tariff for raw material and zero on the product, that becomes a problem. Number one, the importer has to pay upfront knowing full well that when the product that they really care about that's going to come out of the zone and the reason they're using the zone is not even going to have a tariff on it. So that's really, that's the thrust of what makes it beneficial both to the United States and to the importer.  But the other thing, Your Honor, is that CBP, as it always does, because it's quite helpful to the world, is it has a foreign trade zone manual. And in the foreign trade zone manual, it makes the point. And I mean, forgive me if Your Honor perceives this as being glib because it's not meant to be glib. But 81C, the foreign trade zone section that Mr. Peterson and Your Honor were reading from earlier, it's under 19 years.  that's the tariff, that's the customs laws. So the very existence, because it says, what does it say in 81c? Exemption from customs laws. So in other words, the glosses, the customs law says you're allowed to exist. So there may be kind of a little bit of a glib point to look at, but the fact of the matter is that the customs law actually put the free trade, the foreign trade zone into effect.  That customs law applied because it gave an exemption. The other thing your honor was mentioning, the documents that have to be filed to actually get admitted, those documents reflect the fact that it A, acknowledges it's an important merchandise and that you're seeking to be admitted into a foreign trade zone. Also, as your honor recognized, and this is in the manual as well, it's in chapter two where it talks about laws, regulations, organizations, duties in general information,  and the state of the state.  is 19 U.S.E. 66, 81 H, 81 P and 1624. So the customs laws are dictating. If this, there is the foreign trade board that sets up the zone and essentially runs the zone, but they have to comply with the customs laws. They did not get disengaged from the customs laws that your honor was recognizing earlier, the reporting and the obligation to keep records. That is the customs law  law that imprimates war on the foreign trade zone board and on the operators, the folks that are running that foreign trade zone. So they are, they have to be compliant. There are also other things. I mean, CBP can exclude prohibited merchandise, notwithstanding the fact that you filled out your form and you want to be admitted in a foreign trade zone. If your merchandise is prohibited, then you can't get in there. And if you managed to somehow  get in there and it's discovered that say for example, you know a dangerous weapon is imported and it's not described it's described kind of euphemistically and no one recognizes that oh it's a dangerous weapon. Customs can go in there and get that and take it out because that violates the foreign trade zone act. It's not supposed to be in there. So it is not completely devoid. Number one, it's put into place by the very customs laws themselves.  There are regulations and laws regarding maintaining documents and information. And so all of it, it's not distinct from the customs laws. They're still, they're still affecting the far, the foreign trade zone. But, but more importantly, why? What is the purpose? The purpose is to let the importer not have to pay duties and file all the entry paper.  question two. Okay, you're on a right. I think it's delicious reasoning to assume that because something is covered by a customs regulation that the covered item is an import or subject to the customs laws. That's not true. For example, there are customs regulations requiring the filing of what they call importer security filings. People are required to file certain information with customs electronically before  before goods may be laid not a foreign vessel for import to the United States. Now those goods are not imported, those goods are not subject to the customs laws of the United States. If they're admitted to a foreign trade zone and subsequently destroyed or exported, they may never become subject to the customs laws of the United States. Similarly, part 192, the customs- So, what am I thinking is on the board, allows them the words of the statute, not an implication  that the good isn't an FTC. I'm looking at the very statute. The second thing is that we are familiar, the courts are familiar with how, what is being loaded, the customs service receives their, the manifest and the other information and the jobs. Those goods are not only in the United States at that time, but there are more of TZ, they are within the jurisdiction of the United States. So there's a big difference, isn't there with those? I agree. There within the jurisdiction of the United States,  state, but the law is equally clear that the merchandise does not become subject to the customs laws until it is withdrawn for consumption in the United States. The problem in this case is that the government is taking a customs law 19 U.S.C. 1313J2 and applying that statute to merchandise in the zone, which by definition is not yet subject to the customs laws. No court has ever appelled such  the reader. And this is the problem here. The problem is to laws very clear as to when the customs laws have patched to goods that had been stored in FTC. And it doesn't happen until they're withdrawn for consumption. As we've done. We ask you two other questions. You mentioned a court has not ruled on the very issue before us. Has a court, this court of the federal circuit, supported the  context argument that you're making with respect to the concept of importation, as long as there's citation you can offer to us. Yeah, I mean, not to jump ahead to your questions, but you know, in the case of John V. Carr versus United States, which the customer sport decided 1967 and the Federal Circuit affirmed in 1968, the court held that the conventional definition of imported only applies, quote, unless otherwise  limited and quote, except where a statute provides otherwise. John V. Carr, the site is 58, Customsport 9, 8, 13. And it said the conventional definition of quote, imported, closed quote, only applies, quote, unless otherwise limited and quote, except where a statute provides otherwise. So what this tells us  is that the concept of importation or data of importation has to be read in context. But the statute doesn't tell us otherwise here. The statute seems to enforce the concept. Those four words, it can be exported, destroyed, or sent into the customs territory. I think you have a pretty high hurdle, Mr. Peterson, to get over those words. Well, no, Your Honor, I think because it's only the last of those things, the sending of goods into the  the United States that causes the customs laws to attach to them and not before.  in 1968 we didn't have a federal circuit. Yes. It was CIT at that time. Right. Again, it was decided in the Customs Court in 1967. Yeah. Affirmed in 1968. Right. Okay. Let's talk about clock mail for a moment. Miss Fowler, I want to start with you. Do you have any comments you'd like to offer to us about that? Yes. Your honor. Clock there is kind of a very special case  There was a law that was enacted to effectuate the agreement that's discussed in Clockner. And that, sorry, I've got, I have it written down so that I can actually speak cogently to you. In the Clockner case, there was only one count where the plaintiff was trying to argue about  the foreign trade zone and the applicability of customs laws. The thing about the clockner case is that there was an agreement reached between the United States and Germany regarding steel imports. And I think aluminum imports as well, but I think it was just a steel in this case. And the first enacted 19 USC 1626 to actually allow them to engage in the  in the arrangement. It was called an arrangement with this steel organization in Germany. So you have Congresses recognizing in advance they pass a statute that allows this to occur and then it occurs. And the crockner folks are complaining saying, well, this is, you know, that these laws shouldn't apply because this is a customs law. And the court reads  the conclusion that no, it should in fact apply, that the arrangement isn't unlawful and it's not contrary to a foreign trade zone. Because it's recognizing that may be the one, it's kind of, I suppose, the opposite context, okay, that Congress has drafted a statute and the United States has entered into an arrangement and so it says it doesn't do violence  to the foreign trade zone for that arrangement to exist, notwithstanding that otherwise it might, but the context and the purpose of why that arrangement was occurring. They were trying to get the European countries to get out of subsidizing the steel industry, trying to level the playing field. And so that made sense, and they weren't going to allow the Foreign Trade Zone Act to actually undermine what was clear intent from Congress  in the passing of 19 U.S.E. 1626 and in the agreement reached between Germany and the United States. And so this is kind of a very, very unique situation, but it's kind of the flip. It's kind of the flip, it's saying I'm going to ignore the fact. Yeah, I can see your argument. The court's saying I see your argument, plaintiff, but it doesn't matter because I'm not going to undermine what is the clear direction of Congress. Mr. President.  You're on, I think the clock in your case sort of is an example of what the court was talking about in John V. Carr in saying that, you know, date of importation and similar terms have to be looked unless otherwise limited or accept where a statute provides otherwise. Now, what happened in clockner was that the government negotiated a steel agreement, which encompassed not only merchandise imported into the United States, but merchandise, which was admitted  to a foreign trade zone. Now, what they were concerned about for the merchandise being imported into the foreign trade zone was processing. And as you see from a reading of clock, no much of the opinion is devoted to weather processing such as cutting to length, knurling, shaving, constitute manufacture. At the end of the day, what the court did was looking in context, saying, well, ordinarily,  And the court conceded this ordinarily goods in a foreign trade zone are not subject to the customs laws, but in this case, the European steel agreement provided a different context. And, Your Honor, that's not so different from what the foreign trade zones board does in conditioning or limiting the authority to manufacture or process goods in zones. The board may allow or not  not allow manufacturing and processing operations. It may put conditions on them. It may prohibit them. So, you know, that is not that different from what happens in foreign trade zone. And, you know, the board can limit or condition the tariff treatment of goods in his own by requiring that goods be admitted in privileged foreign status, for example, many of the President's recent tariff proclamations  and pose that condition on country's subject to additional goods. But that's not the case here. The case here, only thing that happened in the foreign trade zone was storage. And the foreign trade zones act clearly says that goods may be admitted to his own for storage without being subject to the customs laws. And I see another question Mr. Poo, I'll be your theory of the case. A good code, be employed,  and do an FTC and sit there for a high-off before it was ineligible for duty drawback under the five-year limit. You're saying admission in the zone makes things ineligible for drawback? No, I'm saying how long the statute says five years begin to be on date of importation and you're  argument is it's not important. Our arguments, how long can a good sit in an FTC and still be eligible for this provision? Because under worthy of the clock does not start ticking until it leaves the zone. And why are you thinking through your answer to that? I want to acknowledge the extraordinary court security officers who work in this building and out of the staff. One of our our our.  security officers just come in. He and I was colleagues do a fabulous job and making sure that everyone in this building is safe and they're joined by the phenomenal custodians, our IT staff, our terrific case management staff. We couldn't be able to have those conversations with all of you without the extraordinary work. So thank you, officer. Thank you. Mr. Pearson.  Well, with respect to your honest question, goods can remain in a foreign trade zone indefinitely. And that's a different. If they remain in the zone, I mean, that's another area where the customs laws don't operate.  there and they'd be eligible for drawback. Yes. They could be eligible for drawback because as we contend the time for claiming drawback does not run until the duties are paid and the goods are withdrawn for consumption. I get the theory. I just run into understand how long you thought that could happen. What's the value of a comment about that? Yes, Your Honor. It's funny that Your Honor brings it up because it's something that's been traveling my brain, which is I don't think  Congress. I think Congress when it's and I don't have this in the legislative history, but just common sensically, I suppose. It seems that allowing goods to sit in a zone for 50 years wouldn't really serve the purpose, the idea that American employees would have an opportunity to come in and work on the products that are in the trade zone. So I mean, if you're there for 100 years, there's like a whole  of American employees is going to have moved on and never be able to work on what's in there. So it doesn't seem to make sense to me. And I think that when we look at the drawback statute, the use of the five years, which is a few times mentioned in that statute, that there was a reason for that. They don't want it to be indefinite. And that the Congress, Mr. P. P. Wilson, the Congress seems to choose its words carefully in the drive-on statute. It talks about  So entry or implementation in two instances under J1, the Shapiro of J1 and J2, but then when it talks about the five-year period, interestingly, it only uses the word, it uses only importation, not entry or importation. Is there not some distinction that we should be growing from the way that  the Congress drafted this law? Well, no, Your Honor, because, well, there's gotta be some, I think, more than dictates of interpretation of statutes. I think there was a, there was an application you may wish to suggest it's a different one, but the court of plan by subsequent interpretation. Yeah, I think what we need to do there is look to the decision of the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in the National Association of Manufacturers case.  which said that drawback is a provision for the refund of duties paid. Unless duties have been paid, the drawback statute and five year limit doesn't become operational. To go back to your honor's example of goods being left in the zone for a very long time, if I have micked goods into the zone in 2025 and I leave them there until 2050, when we withdraw them, they're gonna be subject to the duty rates in effect in 2050.  And we're going to have five years to file a claim for drawback of the duties we paid in 2050. That's consistent with the statute. That's not an aberration. And again, you can't, the National Association of Manufacturers case went into this in great depth. Drawback is a refund, an application for a refund of money's pay. And it makes no sense to apply a customs law.  providing a time limit for recovering duties paid to say, well, we're going to run that time limit from before the time duties are paid. This is another example of where we have to have a contextual interpretation of these statues. So no matter how long good, stay in a foreign safe, pray zone, a drawback claim is going to have to be filed within five years of the day to duty's paid. I think I think you have a very persuasive policy argument.  that's for Congress to decide. Well, if Congress had wanted to alter that, the duties must be made five years from entry, from what duties were played. They can do that. They could have done that and they could do that in the future. But that's not what we have is the problem. I think you have an interesting, potentially even persuasive policy argument, but that actually has not the law we have.  legal statute, your honor, there is a legal principle here and that principle is repealed by implication. The Foreign Trade Zone Act says the Customs Laws don't apply to goods that are in a foreign trade zone. If your honor is going to apply the time limit in 19 USC 1313J2 to this situation while the goods are in its own, then the court would be doing precisely what the statute prohibits.  you would be applying a customs law, the oldest customs law to merchandise in his own. And the foreign trade zone act says you don't do that. Mr. Mizfowl, do you repeal by implication? Yes, Your Honor, if there is no repeal by implication, because Congress knows what it's writing and it knows the meaning of words. And if we look at the drawback statute, we see that  Again, there's a critical mass of word usage. And to reach back to the illustrious, you know, Justice Felix Frankfurter, read the statute, read the statute, read the statute. That's how we're going to figure out what it is that Congress wants, because Congress's words in statutes mean something. If they want to repeal by implication, if that's what they wanted to do, then when they did tifty in 2016, they would have repealed by implication.  They specifically didn't what they did was switch it from three years to five years still using the same language but looking at this at 1313 1313 A articles made from imported merchandise. That's what's in the zone, right? It's like it says upon the exportation or destruction under custom supervision of article articles manufactured or produced in the United States which the trade zones in the United States with use of imported merchandise  We're talking about imported merchandise. If we turn to be substitution drawback, it talks about if imported duty paid merchandise or merchandise classifiable under the same eight digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise is used in the manufacturer production of articles within a period not to exceed five years from the date of importation.  a hint that Congress wants your honor, I think, is was on to something in recognizing that it doesn't seem like this is indefinite. It seems that Congress actually wants the manufacturer production of articles within a period not to exceed five years of the data importation of such imported merchandise. Once again, there's that language, imported merchandise. There shall be allowed upon exportation or destruction under custom supervision, notwithstanding the fact that the imported merchandise  may actually have been used in the manufacturer or production of the exported or destroyed articles. That's what is potentially going on in the foreign trade zone. If we turn to section C, 1313C, merchandise not conforming to sample or specifications. In 1313C,  One D talks about upon the exportation of destruction under the supervision of custom service or of articles of merchandise, which within, and this is D, which within five years after the date of importation or withdrawal, as applicable, has been exported or destroyed. So, I mean, even this concept of withdrawal, Congress used that language in the statute. So if the deadline  were withdrawing from the foreign trade zone, even before entry, but just the withdrawal from the trade zone. Well, they knew that word too. It's right here, indeed. And as your honor has recognized throughout this statute, there are several times where Congress has separated the use of the words in J1 talks about if imported merchandise in which paid, which was paid any duty tax or fee imposed under federal  the law upon entry or importation. Again, this is Congress recognizing these words have meaning. They're two separate things. We can't conflate this concept of when you're imported with when you're actually entered under the customs laws. So again, Congress is giving us clues. There's the context. We talk about context. There's context clues in the drawbacks statute. It's telling us J2 talks about subject to paragraphs 45 and 6. If there is with respect  to import merchandise, or which there was paid any duty tax or fee imposed on federal law upon entry or importation. So the imported merchandise, it doesn't matter if the fee got paid on entry or importation. Again, Congress is recognizing entry has one thing, importation means something else. And then finally in the section that actually lays out what you would call, I guess, it's not a  but it is a limitation because drawback is an entitlement and we know that whenever there's an entitlement given to someone it's always strictly construed because that is the sovereign that's giving that entitlement. So we always strictly constru it. We follow the language of the statute. We go to filing call drawback claims. It's clear. It's not later than five years after the date on which the merchandise on which part of the  drawback is claimed was imported and your honor is completely correct. There is such an easy solution for Congress. And as your honor recognized, Mr. Peterson may be right, maybe this is a better policy call, but it's not the policy call that Congress made in the language that it used. It did not say was entered. It didn't say it was withdrawn. It doesn't even do that. It says when it was imported and his claims not completed within  the five year period shall be considered abandoned. Is there no extension will be granted? So is there is there a possibility that one could get beyond the five years? There is in a very, very limited way. And it is only unless it is established that US customs and border protection was responsible for the untimely filing. And that is a fairness concept. If you would have, what for  is doing something. If you would have been timely, this is saying yes, we're going to let you be timely. And that's just fundamentally fair. So even built in the strict construction, is this little degree of fairness? One question is very helpful. The strict construction to an entitlement, where do you derive that concept from and law? You're on our own thinking in terms of  case law that cites that when the government is like for example, GSP or any types of things that somebody gets a benefit, you have to, you have to, it's strictly construed whether or not you're making your case. For sales, another example of that, that you've got to actually establish your right. And so it's strictly construed because the government fundamentally, the customs laws, we know when it was enacted when we were baby country,  The customs law was the only place revenue was coming in. And so the mission, the main purpose of customs law is to get revenue for the country. And so if we're going to lose that revenue because we're giving in entitlement, we have to make sure that we're strictly construing the entitlement because the more doctrinally larger issue here is the mission, which is revenue. It's kind of similar to the IRS as well. The mission is  revenue. So you, anytime there's a benefit, like, you know, some type of a rebate or a refund say, you're going to strictly construe that because the revenue. I understand the concept. I was seeing if there was a particular case or other form of authority that you wanted to offer to us. If I may, if I may provide it to your, I just, I'm blanking on the name, but if you have an authority to court, would welcome you're submitting it. Thank you, Your Honor.  Okay. Mr. Peterson, I'm going to give you the last word on this. Then I'm going to move to question three. Ms. Farrell, I'm going to start with you on that. Well, Your Honor, if my learned colleagues were correct about what she said, that there is a unitary definition of importation taken from all these betterable 19th century cases. And that's all you need. Well, then the word withdrawn for consumption would not need to appear in  in section 1313C. Similarly, the phrase entry or importation would not need to appear in subsection 1313J. One could just leave it at date of entry. Now, it doesn't seem in the drawback context to make any sense to run a period for recovering duties from a time before the duties are paid, which is what  the result that the government is arguing for here. But even if, you know, taking it out of just that interpretational context, when we insert the Foreign Trade Zones Act, and we say that, you know, goods in the zone are not subject to the customs laws, that includes this customs law. And, you know, we talked about the period for storing goods. And here's another area where the goods in the zone are not subject to the customs laws. 19 U.S.C., 1557.  the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of  the legal condition prescribed in the foreign trade zones act. I think you cannot treat goods in his own as being subject to the customs laws. And that law includes the running of the five year limitation in 1313J2, you're on. Thank you, Mr. Peters. Those foul on the government's position requesting dismissal with the credit as may. Yes, Your Honor. I confess I went out and I  I looked and I looked and I looked and I didn't find any cases at the CIT that dismissed with prejudice. But talking about analogous cases, if I may, your honor in this court in the under-weather case recognized that, and this typically it comes up in this concept of someone seeking to amend a complaint, if the decision that's been made  is such that it would be futile for a person to amend the complaint because the facts won't change. Because this really, what we have before us today is a case that's driven by an interpretation of law. And so it goes one way, if the law is interpreted one way and it goes the other way. The facts don't change and the facts can't change because we actually have documents that reflect the dates and this whole case triggers all the  of a date. And so when, and maybe I, maybe I jumped the gun by seeking a dismissal with prejudice before I, you know, got to the point with the court and say, Oh, by the way, Judge, you know, if you agree with us, it would be futile because the facts can't change and therefore the date doesn't change and therefore nothing can change the law as the law. So this is a case driven by the law and it would be futile if the court were as it asks here, if, if the  the state of the state. And so, so now, obviously, I think the under whether case may be as similar to that. Mr. Mr. Peterson. Well, Your Honor, I think the question of this missile with prejudice would have to depend upon the reasons for dismissal.  I don't think the case should be dismissed. I have rather strong opinion about that. But again, this is a motion to dismiss for failure to stay to claim. This missile with prejudice would only be appropriate if you're honored determined that there is absolutely no theory or no way to frame a plausible claim in this case. Typically, if you're going to dismiss a case because the complaint fails to  state of cause of action, most litigants will be given a chance to file an amended complaint if possible. I believe there was a decision by your honor just a couple of days ago, and I think case called under the weather, where you had dismissed the case for failure to state of claim. The claimant was permitted to file an amended complaint or asked to sort leave to file an amended complaint. And I think your honor denied it,  basically there was no way to frame cause of action. So the question of this missile with prejudice I think would have to be evaluated in the context of the reasons for any dismissal. Okay, thank you both for those answers and for your other answers and now since we have at least two that customs experts who've been at the microphone but I suspect more like four or five is conductive covalent. I've seen you at the  times you've appeared and as childry could do it for the first time. What was the day of the first duty drawback of the law in the United States? 1789, Your Honor. The duty drawback was incorporated in a tariff act in 1789. It was the second law ever passed by the first Congress. Being a curious sort, I one time  and looked up and said what was the first law? And it was a law about swearing. And I thought that was, you know, in light of what I've done for a living, that's appropriate because Congress passed a law about swearing and then created an agency to swear at. Ms. Fatt, are you in concurrence with the, the Jupiter's in response? I am in concurrence with the fact that it was the second act of Congress and was 1789. However, I am  not in concurrence with that this is an agency that one should swear at. They are lovely people and you're honor truly. It is always my honor to defend them in this court always. And for the record, you're honor, I wasn't practicing when they passed that law. My children think I, I shouldn't think I was. And it was fair. I can assure you that the thought of swearing at the customer service by  follow agencies working with the custom service to fashion laws or to implement the laws. Really occurred to phones in the USTR around the hill. Only difficult, most difficult moments. Well, you know, I was in private practice before I came to the Department of Justice and I  I worked with folks, so we could make sailors blush. But the thing is, is that the swearing was never directed at anyone. It was always directed at the circumstances. We had a motion that was due to prevent a classification. It was due on Friday that Thursday night was the blackout New York City. And so that was one of those situations where there were a lot of people swearing  but they weren't swearing at anyone. They were swearing at the conditions that we were dealing with. So. Associate President for your answer. Thanks. Thanks to all of you. Have a good afternoon. All right. The son of Bull Court now stands adjourned.